How do you like it, Inkay?
[HAPPY]
No one's going to take it
from you. Slow down.
I believe that's
your favorite food, isn't it?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hmm?
JAMES
Here comes the Twerp troop.
Time to put in
a dishonest day's work.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ A UFO?
‐ I know what that means.
It's a spaceship
aliens ride in.
Guess what,
you can see real ones
on the mountain
just up ahead.
While it's true there have been
many alleged UFO sightings
that have occurred
at the peak of Grace Tower
those sightings proved
to be something different.
There's no scientific evidence
to back it up.
Well, I think
those aliens are real. I do.
And maybe they have lots of cute
Pokémon with them, you know?
[AGREEMENT]
I'd like to meet a Pokémon
from space. That's cool.
[AGREEMENT]
[all gasp]
[CURIOUS]
[INTRIGUED]
It's a Malamar.
[AGREEMENT]/[FEARFUL]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Facing the Grand Design."
NARRATOR During their journey
to Coumarine City
our heroes have suddenly
come across a Malamar
at the foot of a rocky mountain
called Grace Tower.
Hey. That's a Malamar, right?
It is. It looks like the one
who hypnotized us that time.
Careful.
Watch out for the light.
[INDIFFERENT]
[SURPRISED]
[CONTENT]
Wow, look at all
the Malamar and Inkay.
‐ Oh.
‐ Amazing.
This forest must be home
to lots of wild
Malamar and Inkay.
[EXCITED]
BONNIE
'And lots of Flabébé, too.'
[HAPPY]
Look at the Bidoof.
Hah..
ASH
Ledyba.
[EATING]
BONNIE
They're eating together.
Looks like
they're all good friends.
[AGREEMENT]
I guess all the Malamar
who live here are really nice.
[AGREEMENT]
MEOWTH Dig it. Those Malamar
and Inkay look so happy.
It's like a Pokémon paradise.
Sure is nice.
[AGREEMENT]
ASH
Look out!
‐ What's wrong with them?
‐ Hey! What gives?
You almost hit us, you know.
‐ Huh?
[ALARMED]
Huh? Hey! Inkay, wait!
JESSIE
James?
Man, what's with
all the hectic hubbub?
[AGREEMENT]
SERENA Someone needs to teach
them how to drive.
‐ For sure. That was not nice.
‐ Hmph.
[AGREEMENT]
Well, thank goodness
everybody's alright.
Yeah, you're right.
SERENA Wow, what a strangely
shaped mountain.
That's why the UFOs
are attracted to it.
Hey! Come out, UFO.
[EXCITED]
Hi, alien Pokémon.
I want to be your friend.
PIKACHU
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I already told you.
UFOs and aliens aren't real.
I know. Let's climb up
and see for ourselves.
[EXCITED]
CLEMONT
You actually wanna
climb that thing?
[EXCITED]
JAMES
Inkay, slow down.
[IMPATIENT]
I can't believe it's making us
climb this monster.
[AGREEMENT]
WOBBUFFET
[TIRED]
Huh? It's those trucks.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
What's that?
I'm seeing things.
JESSIE Would someone tell me
what's going on?
Hmm. I feel like
I've seen them before.
[ALARMED]
MEOWTH
'It's a Malamar!'
[gasps]
That's not just any Malamar.
It's the one
from the radio observatory.
That's that wicked Malamar
that had us by the brains
and wouldn't let go.
[FEARFUL]
JESSIE
'Oh, no. Three of them.'
I bet they're not here
for their favorite charity.
[FEARFUL]
[FOCUSED]
[AGITATED]
JESSIE
'Meowth, translation, please.'
I can't tell.
It's over the top with rage.
It better not be trying
to hand us over to them.
Although, I wouldn't
put it past that traitor.
It must want us
to be hypnotized
so we can be controlled again.
What? It can't be!
Don't forget,
Inkay evolves into Malamar.
I wouldn't be surprised
if they were all in cahoots.
Perish the thought.
My Inkay would never do
something so sinister.
It despises those malicious
Malamar like we do.
Then why is it
giving away our position?
‐ Well, you see..
‐ Huh?
[ANGRY]
You and your big mouth.
I think it's time
to beat this pop stand.
Me too!
[THOUGHTFUL]
You've got to get a grip,
big brother.
Easy for you to say,
little sister.
Alright, guys.
Let's take a break.
Good idea.
[AGREEMENT]
[screaming]
[FEARFUL]
[all groaning]
Team Rocket.
Trying to steal Pikachu again,
aren't you?
Why don't you guys
give it a rest?
Please. It's not the time
for stealing anyone or anything.
Look, Twerps,
we've got big problems.
You dopes have got
big problems, too.
‐ What are you doing?
‐ Huh?
Get in here.
JESSIE
Stop loitering and hurry up.
‐ Huh?
‐ What's going on?
[CONFUSED]
ASH
Malamar?
OFFICER JENNY
I'll explain this later, Ash.
Hold on. How do you know
my name? Huh?
I know Team Rocket's your enemy,
but for now, we need a truce.
‐ I don't believe it.
‐ Huh?
Officer Jenny.
It's good to see you all again.
So the Malamar
from the radio observatory's
on this mountain?
[SURPRISED]
Yes, and with
two other Malamar.
After the terrifying incident
at the radio observatory
I began a secret investigation.
Malamar are
highly intelligent.
Look at this.
'They manipulated
the Kalos region's'
'most distinguished scientists
into activating their device'
'for use as a weapon.'
SERENA
'As a weapon?'
Like the one you saw
at the observatory.
The scientists' device is now
at the top of this mountain.
CLEMONT I wonder.. What are they
going to do with this device?
Last time we saw that Malamar
it wanted to take over the world
as part of some grand design.
I still can't be certain
what their objective is.
What I do know, is that they're
definitely plotting something
and it's massive.
I don't get it, but I'm scared.
[AGREEMENT]
No need to be scared.
I'll stop them, no matter
what their plan may be.
I will not let them
have their way.
[all gasp]
[SURPRISED]
‐ Huh?
‐ Huh? What's that light?
[ANGRY]
‐ Huh?
‐ It's the Malamar.
[ALARMED]
[ANGRY]
Inkay, settle down.
Not again!
Inkay did this before.
Now I'm really
getting suspicious.
[gasps]
EVIL MALAMAR #1
[INTRIGUED]
MEOWTH Yipes. They said
"So we meet again, intruders.
EVIL MALAMAR #1
[HAPPY]
MEOWTH The final stage
of our grand design has begun."
[all gasping]
"Final stage
of their grand design?"
What are you going to do
with that ball of light?
What in the world
are you up to?
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
[SCARED]
[AMUSED]
[all gasp]
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
[all screaming]
Bonnie! Serena! Ash!
Jessie, Wobbuffet. No!
[SMUG]
[ANGRY]
[ATTACK]
[ANNOYED]
CLEMONT
Ah.
We need to get away
for the time being.
‐ He's right.
‐ Let's do what he says.
Now, Bunnelby,
come out and use Dig.
[APPEARING]
[DIG MOVE]
Don't worry, you guys.
I swear I'll come back
and get you out of this.
Okay. We're all counting on you.
Come on, this way.
Jessie and Wobbuffet,
hang tough.
We'll get you out of there.
‐ Count on it.
‐ Let's go.
INKAY
[ANGRY]/[STRUGGLING]
[FOCUSED]
[ANGRY]
[CONTENT]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Bidoof.
BIDOOF
[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
[panting]
Free at last.
Thanks a lot, Bunnelby.
Now get a good rest.
INKAY
[ANGRY]/[STRUGGLING]
What's gotten into you? Dear!
You're acting like
you've completely lost
your Inkay‐ish mind.
‐ Why?
‐ Chill out.
I can't understand
what you're saying.
[CONCERNED]/[EXCITED]
Inkay can't forgive
that evil Malamar
for controlling Team Rocket.
No, for controlling you
back then.
'Enough getting jerked around.'
Inkay's gonna knock
their blocks off.
Oh. I see.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I didn't know
you felt that way.
I'm sorry I was so totally
clueless about you, pal.
Now. Let's show
those Malamar what for.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Huh? Wait!
‐ Huh?
Those Malamar
are really strong.
We don't stand a chance
against them by ourselves.
The Twerp's right.
So what are we gonna do?
[THOUGHTFUL]/[DETERMINED]
MEOWTH
Hey, where are you going?
‐ Wait, I'll bet it has an idea.
‐ Eh?
JAMES I believe in Inkay.
Come on. Let's go.
[HAPPY]
Alright. What's your plan?
[AMUSED]
SERENA
'What's going on?'
JENNY 'I see. So this
is your grand design.'
'You want to use that light
to alter our world.'
To change the environment
to suit you.
And that's what it will look
like when you're all done.
That's how the world's
gonna end up?
No. No. I don't want that.
[EAGER]
[WORRIED]
[SURPRISED]
Wait. Don't attack.
We're the good guys.
We're on your side.
[INSISTENT]
CLEMONT I see. Inkay's asking
the forest Malamar to help us.
So Inkay's brilliant idea
is to pit the good Malamar
against the evil Malamar.
So how are they taking it?
I think the jury's still out.
See, they're kind of not buying
the bad Malamar's plot.
INKAY
[UPSET]
EVIL MALAMAR #1
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
[all gasp]
Malamar.
It must have followed us
all the way here.
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
It‐it used Hyper Beam.
[SHOCKED]
JAMES
'Meowth, translation.'
"Attention. Join our mission,
all my fellow Pokémon.
Those who refuse
will be eliminated."
And that's that.
[ANGRY]
[PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
[EXERTION]/[ANGRY]
[DEFIANT]
That Malamar's really mad
its buddies were attacked.
[PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[cheering]
‐ Yeah.
‐ Huh?
CLEMONT Uh.. Thank you.
I'm truly grateful.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES
So what do you say?
Join us in our mission
to stop those evildoers
once and for all,
won't you please?
[INSISTENT]
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Ah.
‐ That one turned red.
Augh. That one, too.
It's all starting.
‐ This is their countdown.
‐ Huh?
Their countdown?
All the gathered energy will
most likely be released now.
Whoa, no way.
[WORRIED]
Come on, James and Meowth should
have been back here by now.
[AGREEMENT]
[CURIOUS]
GOOD MALAMAR
[PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
INKAY
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[all gasp]
[screaming]
CLEMONT
Everybody!
[chuckling]
Better late than never.
You're in good hands.
[AGREEMENT]
Are you guys alright?
‐ Clemont!
‐ Big brother!
You could've moved it
a little quicker.
[AGREEMENT]
Sorry about that.
It took a bit of doing
to procure some help.
[AGREEMENT]
[AMUSED]
JAMES
Inkay!
[FEARFUL]
EVIL MALAMAR #1
[TRIUMPHANT]
[STRUGGLING]
[ANGRY]
[HYPNOSIS MOVE]
That jerk's hypnotizing Inkay.
It's forcing Inkay to join up
with them against its will.
Wait, isn't Inkay
already on their side?
[AGREEMENT]
Never. Inkay and I
are true partners.
‐ Friends to the end.
‐ James is right.
Inkay was freaking out on us
before because it was trying
'to protect James
from those dopes all along.'
[DAZED]
[CONFUSED]
[all gasping]
Why would you do
something like that?
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[all screaming]
[all coughing]
Please stop it, old chum.
Are you going to let our bond
be severed by that creep?
Uh.. Wait a sec.
Look at this.
It's your favorite.
'A croissant.'
Our friendship began with this.
You've got to remember,
and come back to me.
[AMUSED]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[TACKLE MOVE]
Oof.
Let this remind you.
We're partners.
Remember our days together.
[EATING]
Are you back?
Do you remember me?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ah!
‐ Ha ha.
‐ Yes.
[HAPPY]
[SURPRISED]
JAMES Okay, Inkay.
It's payback time.
So use Tackle. Seal the deal.
[TACKLE MOVE]
EVIL MALAMAR #1
[PAINED]
[cheering]
Nice shot, chum.
[AGREEMENT]
[ANGRY]
Let's get in there too, Pikachu.
Yeah. We'll make sure
this is as far as they go.
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Pikachu, now. Thunderbolt.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]/
[PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
[IMPACT]
[PAINED]
Huh? Manectric, use Thunder. Go!
[APPEARING]
[THUNDER MOVE]
Look, the light's disappearing.
That's awesome.
[AGREEMENT]
Yay!
It's over. Your plan has failed.
Now come with me quietly,
if you know what's good for you.
[DEFIANT]
They're escaping
into the future
but they'll be back
to fight again.
And when they return
their grand design
will finally succeed.
[all gasp]
EVIL MALAMAR
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
[EXERTION]
‐ Clemont, What are they doing?
‐ Huh?
They're destroying
every bit of evidence.
Guys. Everybody run!
A plot to alter our world.
Just thinking about it
gives me the creeps.
I know. But for now,
I'm glad we stopped them.
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
SERENA
'Ah. Look.'
They said they're heading
into the future
but that's not all they said.
'They said they might
come back someday.'
NARRATOR And so, Malamar's
terrifying plot
to change the world
was stopped
and not a moment too soon.
Now our heroes will
carry forward their search
for new adventures
and new Pokémon.
Ugh.
Another plan to steal
Pikachu bites the dust.
Thanks to the idiotic plot
of those maniacal Malamar.
[AGREEMENT]
GOOD MALAMAR
[HAPPY]
[CONTENT]
JAMES
'Well, there's a happy group.'
I guess all's well
that ends well.
INKAY
[AGREEMENT]
Huh?
[HAPPY]
They're all saying
Inkay's their good buddy.
[FRIENDLY]
Huh?
[EXCITED]
Hah, they really like Inkay
and Inkay seems to like them
too, don't you think?
Let's go.
Hold on. James?
[ALARMED]
Your happiness
is more important to me
than anything in the world
and that includes
asking you to stay with me.
[CONCERNED]
"That's why
I'm staying with you!
"Being with you and the rest
of Team Rocket makes me happy.
'So of course
I'm gonna come along with you."'
Oh, Inkay. You're so..
Please forgive me for doubting
the lasting bond between us.
[HAPPY]
Aww.
That's what being
a team is all about.
It's all for one.
[AGREEMENT]
What can I say?
You two are a perfect pair.
[HAPPY]
Alright.
We'll get Pikachu next time.
What do you say, team?
‐ Yay.
NARRATOR
And the journey continues.
[theme music]